[prod] New Apigee Log Collection doc (#7510)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/apigee.md

---
title: Apigee
name: apigee
kind: integration
description: 'Collect Apigee proxy logs to track errors, request response time, duration, latency and monitor performance and issues of the proxies aggregated in one place.'
short_description: 'Collect Apigee logs to track errors, request response time, etc.'
dependencies:
    ['https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/blob/master/content/en/integrations/apigee.md']
categories:
    - log collection
doc_link: /integrations/apigee/
aliases:
    - logs/log_collection/apigee
has_logo: true
integration_title: Apigee
is_public: true
public_title: Datadog-Apigee
further_reading:
    - link: 'logs/'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Log Management'
---

## Overview

> Collect Apigee proxy logs to track errors, request response time, duration, latency and monitor performance, and proxy issues aggregated in one place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collect Apigee proxy logs to track errors, response time, duration, latency and monitor performance, and proxy issues aggregated in one place.
```

## Setup

#### Log Collection

Send Apigee proxy logs to Datadog using Apigee's [JavaScript policy][1].

The JavaScript has been configured to capture the essential flow variables as log attributes in Datadog. The attributes are named according to the [list of standard attributes][2].

##### Set up JavaScript policy to send Apigee logs to Datadog
1. Select the Apigee proxy from which you want to send logs to Datadog.
2. In the selected proxy overview page, click on the 'DEVELOP' tab located in the top-right corner.

{{< img src="integrations/apigee/apigee_develop.png" alt="Develop"  style="width:75%;">}}

> 3. Under 'Navigator', go to add a new JavaScript policy. Then edit the JavaScript file that has been created under the 'Resources --> jsc' drop down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Under 'Navigator', go to add a new JavaScript policy. Then edit the JavaScript file that has been created under the 'Resources --> jsc' dropdown.
```
